I walk slowly, but I never walk backward.
There is more to life than increasing its speed.
Without haste, but without rest.
There is always light behind the clouds.
If you can dream it, you can do it.
All your dreams can come true if you have the courage to pursue them.
Kites rise highest against the wind - not with it.
Growth is often a painful process.
Our greatest glory is not in never failing, but in rising up every time we fail.
Failure is a detour, not a dead-end street.
Although the world is full of suffering, it is full of the overcoming of it.
Oh, the things you can find, if you don`t stay behin
Normality is a paved road: it`s comfortable to walk but no flowers row.
My life didn`t please me, so I created my lie.
Life isn`t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Do one thing everyday that scares you.
The future starts today, not tomorrow.
Change the world by being yourself.
Dream as if you`ll live forever, Live as if you`lll die today.
Wanting to be someone else is a waste of who you are.
Happiness depends upon ourselves.
Embrace the glorious mess that you are.
Conquer yourself rather than the world.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving.
Happiness depends upon ourselves.
Fear always springs from ignorance.
The most important thing in communication is hearing what isn`t said.
Experience is not what happens to you. It is what you do with what happens to you.
Never regret anything that made you smile.
Die with memories, not dreams.
The time is always right to do what is right.
May your choices reflect your hopes, not your fears.
The meaning of life is to give life meaning.
Peace begins with a smile.
Love is doing small things with great love.
My true religion is kindness.
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.
Try to be a rainbow in someone`s cloud.
It always seems impossible until it`s done
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any one thing.
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.
Genius is 1 percent inspiration and 99 percent perspiration.
Everything you can imagine is real.
One day the people that didn`t believe in you will tell everyone how they met you.
Imagination means nothing without doing.
I will prepare and some day my chance will come.
Patience is also a form of action.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.
Doubt is the origin of wisdom.
Saying is one thing and doing is another.
A quitter never wins and a winner never quits.
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do.
Whatever you do, do it well.
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.
All limitations are self-imposed.
Be so good they can`t ignore you.
There is no substitute for hard work.
Indecision is often worse than wrong action.
Don`t find fault, find a remedy; anybody can complain.
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking.
The competitor to be feared is one who never bothers about you at all, but goes on making his own business better all the time.
Your time is limited, so don`t waste it living someone eles life.
Stay hungry. Stay foolish.
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
You can`t just ask customers what they want and then try to give that to them. By the time you get it built, they`ll want something new.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven`t found it yet, keep looking. Don`t settl.
